           lite2do-irssi - a lightweight todo manager for irssi

                             usage information


   Copyright (C) 2008 Jaromir Hradilek

   Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
   under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or
   any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;  with no
   Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

   A copy  of the license is included  as a file called FDL  in the main
   directory of the lite2do-irssi source package.


1. About the Script

lite2do-irssi is  a lightweight todo manager  for Irssi  written in Perl 5.
Being based  on w2do  and fully compatible  with its  save file format,  it
tries to provide a simple alternative for IRC network capable of collabora-
tive task management.


2. Script Usage

Unless set otherwise,  everyone is granted  an unlimited access to the task
list from both public channel and private query using a command in the fol-
lowing format:

  :todo command [arguments]

Alternatively,  if you are running the script in your client,  you can also
use an Irssi command:

  /todo command [arguments]

Available commands are as follows:

  list [@group] [text...]
    Display items in the task list.  Desired subset can be  easily selected
    giving a group name, text pattern,  or combination of both; listing all
    tasks is usually disabled to avoid unnecessary flood.

  add [@group] text...
    Add new item to the task list.

  change id text...
    Change item with selected id in the task list.

  finish id
    Mark item with selected id as finished.

  revive id
    Mark item with selected id as unfinished.

  remove id
    Remove item with selected id from the task list.

  help
    Display usage information.

  version
    Display version information.


3. Additional Tools

Sooner or later, you are going to notice that lite2do-irssi lacks some more
sophisticated commands that might prove useful for administration purposes,
such as operations on whole groups, mass removal of finished tasks, or even
clearing the task list. This is not a design flaw. On the contrary, follow-
ing the  principle not to reinvent  the wheel,  the use of w2do is strongly
advised.

w2do is a simple to use yet efficient command-line todo manager  written in
Perl 5 on which the lite2do-irssi is based,  and you can freely download it
from <http://code.google.com/p/w2do/>.


4. Bugs

To report bugs or even send patches,  please visit the project home page at
<http://gitorious.org/projects/lite2do-irssi>.


5. Copyright

Copyright (C) 2008 Jaromir Hradilek

This program is free software; see the source for copying conditions. It is
distributed  in the hope that it will be useful,  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PAR-
TICULAR PURPOSE.
